README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

[web3, storybook] First commit to Github. Readme.

README.md, after:

### What is the purpuse of this repo?

This repo shows a basic architecture of a React app.
I am aware that there are many ways to design and structure and app, but I think the one portrayed here is some of the cleanest.

### How should the content of this app should be approached?

This is a very simple and dumb app. There are two main features, a counter and a todos creator.

Additionally and just for fun, I took the time to implement some minor web3 functionality. I was just trying to get an overall understanding of how a basic dApp might work.

The main focus should be on the way I decided to **structure the application**, rather than on functionality.

### What technologies are being used?

This is a React app create with create-react-app.
As far as I am concern, a modern React app should use both **Typescript and Scss**.

In the React ecosystem there are many useful libraries but here I am only using **react-router-dom** and **material-ui** (more about this one later).

I could have used **Redux** and its complementary libraries **redux-thunk, etc** but since I am focusing on architecture here it would be a bit overkill a too much boilerplate.

Lastly, I would like to point out the use of **storybook** that would allow us to share components accross different applications.

### The looks

I am using **material-ui** but could have used **bootstrap** or any other component based library. I haven't because I think that with Material there's a perfect balance between functionality, customization and design, perfect for business oriented applications.

## The architecture

I have chosen to tackle three of the main problems I have seen with big applications or scaling smaller ones

Single responsability principle: I think that a clear distinction should be made between functional components (those that contain the business logic) and presentational components (those that will render data in the client). Ideally, API calls and other data based operations should be handled by **contexts** or **reducers** (maybe **React Query** ??), a **page** should be the one handling the business logic, its **children** should render the data passed via props.

<img alt="Single responsability" class="cf mi mj" src="https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/1*UY-BQhUAfNciHI1iAHfwXg.png" width="700" height="395">

Smaller components are more readable and easier to debug. Smaller problems(components) are easier to handle than bigger ones. As the application grows it migth be interesting to think of microservices (**Docker**) to avoid too much dependencies.

Component reusability. A button should always behave like a button and a red button is no different (in terms of functionality) to a green one.

## Folder structure

By default a component/page folder should always include a .tsx file, its test file and its scss/css file.

Additionally, in order to maintain scallability I have decided to include the corresponding story files in the same folder.
